Added `Invalid authentication for Git Remote` to troubleshooting (#2731)
iterative/dvc.org: content/docs/user-guide/troubleshooting.md

```dvc
$ dvc checkout --relink
```

## HTTP Git authentication is not supported {#git-auth}

[Experiment sharing](/doc/user-guide/experiment-management/sharing-experiments)

> commands accept a `git_remote` argument. In order to access the Git remote,

Reviewer: This is not just about `git_remote` right? Even if that's not provided, the default remote should also use SSH auth (if auth is needed).

Author: This error will only happen in commands using `git_remote`. Other errors regarding DVC remote auth would depend on the remote type used and will be handled with a different exception and error message like [`GDriveAuthError`](https://github.com/iterative/dvc/blob/master/dvc/fs/gdrive.py)

Reviewer: Hmm that sounds a bit strange but OK. In any case the problem itself is broader right? It also applies to configured remotes so why not explain it in it's broader context here? Even if this particular troubleshooting section is only reached (now) via `exp push/list/push <git_remote>`

No strong opinion but I think it would be make sense to make it broader.

Author: I think that the thing is that, for example, the DVC HTTP remote does ask for users/password (hence my comment that errors for each remote should be handled with separated exceptions). The `git_remote` parts of `dvc exp` do not share code with `dvc remote`.

Reviewer: Hmmm. OK it sounds like this is closely related with remote config per https://github.com/iterative/dvc.org/pull/2731#pullrequestreview-751064480 so I still think we could explain the broader context but maybe I'm not getting why that's not a good option. But OK

you may need to authenticate for _reading_ (`dvc exp list`,
`dvc exp pull`) or _writing_ (`dvc exp push`) permissions.

> This means that unless the Git server allows unauthenticated HTTP
> read/write, you should use an [SSH Git URL] when pushing experiments,
> and when listing or pulling experiments from private repositories.

Reviewer: I think it should be simpler like this? The "unless" part already implies the cases where HTTP is OK.
```suggestion
This means that unless the Git server allows unauthenticated HTTP
write/read, you should use an [SSH Git URL] when pushing, listing,
or pushing experiments.
```

```dvc
$ dvc checkout --relink
```

> ## Invalid authentication for Git Remote {#git-auth}

Reviewer: Is this an actual link output from `dvc` CLI?

Reviewer: Ah yes I see it's in https://github.com/iterative/dvc/pull/6493/files#diff-bf8bef3f4902b5642f7280464c2f9c52574fb2f20b37c0c8fce28075c09e2b24.

Some DVC commands accept `git_remote` as argument. In order to run those

> commands, you must be properly authenticated having _read_ (`dvc exp list`,

Reviewer 2: having -> to have

`dvc exp pull`) or _write_ (`dvc exp push`) permissions on the provided Git
Remote name or Git URL.

> This means that, unless you are hosting a private git server that allows

Reviewer 2: ~~This means that~~

> ## Invalid authentication for Git Remote {#git-auth}
> 
> Some DVC commands accept `git_remote` as argument. In order to run those
> commands, you must be properly authenticated to have _read_ (`dvc exp list`,
> `dvc exp pull`) or _write_ (`dvc exp push`) permissions on the provided Git
> Remote name or Git URL.
> 
> Unless you are hosting a private git server that allows unauthenticated HTTP
> read/write, you would need to use an [SSH Git URL] for using `dvc exp list` /
> `dvc exp pull` **in private repositories** and for using `dvc exp push` **in any
> case**.

Reviewer: Gonna commit this one:

```suggestion
## HTTP Git authentication is not supported {#git-auth}

[Experiment sharing](/doc/user-guide/experiment-management/sharing-experiments)
commands accept a `git_remote` argument. In order to access the Git remote,
you may need to authenticate for _reading_ (`dvc exp list`,
`dvc exp pull`) or _writing_ (`dvc exp push`) permissions.

This means that unless the Git server allows unauthenticated HTTP
read/write, you should use an [SSH Git URL] when pushing experiments,
and when listing or pulling experiments from private repositories.
```

Reviewer: But I think it's not 100% correct still... ⏳
